Adds data source properties to git connectors (#1280)
Unstructured-IO/unstructured: CHANGELOG.md

* **Better debug output related to sentence counting internals**. Clarify message when sentence is not counted toward sentence count because there aren't enough words, relevant for developers focused on `unstructured`s NLP internals.
* **Faster ocr_only speed for partitioning PDF and images.** Use `unstructured_pytesseract.run_and_get_multiple_output` function to reduce the number of calls to `tesseract` by half when partitioning pdf or image with `tesseract`
* **Adds data source properties to fsspec connectors** These properties (date_created, date_modified, version, source_url, record_locator) are written to element metadata during ingest, mapping elements to information about the document source from which they derive.

> * **Adds data source properties (date_created, date_modified, version, exists, source_url, record_locator) to the git base interface.** Implements `update_source_metadata` method in git-based connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Adds data source properties to git connectors** These properties (date_created, date_modified, version, source_url, record_locator) are written to element metadata during ingest, mapping elements to information about the document source from which they derive. This functionality enables downstream applications to reveal source document applications, e.g. a link to a GDrive doc, Salesforce record, etc.
```
